we saw Andre Corish cough the prodigy of
Alexander Shlemenko dazzle as well what
a finish I'm scared of Russian fighters
now I fear these men they're terrifying
but yeah that was a brilliant brilliant
flying knee but it wasn't the only one
over the last ten days there's been more
than a few and I want to take a look at
some of those here in the break down
flying these aplenty and what an
exciting technique it is and none were
nicer than Beals this kid just looked
phenomenal and I look at this beautiful
beautiful flying Bink right on the chin
but it's how it was set up that's the
key there's three sides he sees one back
to the fence that's a good thing if you
want to throw a flying knee to dip in
the head that's a big no-no and that's
setting it up three his feet are
parallel so now he's got a great
opportunity when he sees that all
happened boom right on the chin and you
know what when you got a guy who's
flinch reflex is to duck down like we're
seeing there a flying knee is just such
a beautiful technique to use great great
finish by Beal earned himself some extra
money but the biggest flying knee man
big McSweeney look at the size of this
monster and he drills the liver kick and
then the flying knee and so what you get
is when you kick the body it causes you
to cover up see that nasty shot you'll
see him kind of flinching covering up a
little and it's right there it's coming
right at you this big flying the boom
puts them out just absolutely beautiful
but hey one more time definitely look at
that that is so much impact take a bow
sir you earned that and but the best one
you mentioned it Cara scoff this one was
quite different this one wasn't set up
by causing you to do something it's
taken what you're given and the timing
is the key so beautiful when you place
your foot down after a kick watch this
you now ground yourself momentarily
where your weight is distributed on both
so on the second one he's timing it as
the foot is coming down he is taking
flight you're grounded and he's
launching just incredible incredible
timing and watch as he drives it
straight up to the chin and you see he's
now bringing that leg back up but it is
too little too late such a nice
technique and
such a great great finish
you